I have nothing to wear this skirt makes
me look fat let's be honest every now
and then every girl has these thoughts
rushing through her mind fortunately
there are some style tips that can help
solve the outfit crisis and take you up
on the style meter 14 only buy things
you'll actually wear it sounds easier
said than done because every now and
then we all buy things that we never put
on later it mostly happens when you see
an on sale item or something that's
priced ridiculously low stop right there
it's a catch when you fall for fast
fashion and shop impulsively you are
basically stocking up your wardrobe with
low quality things you're unlikely to
wear because you weren't planning to buy
those leopard pants and have nothing to
match with them 13 build your own
capsule wardrobe
it might sound like something fancy and
not for everyone but in fact a capsule
wardrobe is something that will save you
both time and money
timeless classics like a trench some
leather denim jackets good quality jeans
white button-down shirts and a pencil
skirt are some of the items that will
work for anyone and can be combined with
other garments in fact you only need 28
to 37 items in your closet to be
prepared for just about any occasion
mark everything you have with yes no and
maybe stickers items you absolutely love
and can combine with others obviously
get a yes and stay with you you can move
your maybes to long-term storage
somewhere in the basement your nose and
you're likely to notice most of them
still at price tags on because you never
wore them can be donated to charity
12 watch out for makeup and deodorant
stains white stains on a black shirt or
your favorite lipstick and eyeshadow on
a cashmere won't exactly add you any
points on the luxury meter if you just
got one of those annoying Beauty
footprints on an expensive fabric wash
it with warm water and if the stain is
still there try dampening the item in
water with some detergent baby wipes on
oil-base work miracles if you use them
on a new stain 11 be prepared for
accidents anything can happen
and it might not even be your fault that
someone spilled wine on your new dress
or your new shoes give you blisters so
keep a spare clothing item at the office
to avoid having to walk around in a
stained dress up for something classic
such as a white button-down shirt and a
pencil skirt and keep a 911 carry all
with band-aids sewing kit and other
style essentials you might need in case
of emergency 10 you can't have too many
accessories a handbag can spice up any
outfit and make your look complete it's
cool to have as many as you can afford
for all sorts of occasions but don't
just buy them irrationally there should
be at least three bags in different
sizes small medium and large in your
wardrobe
you can pick the right size depending on
the occasion and once you understand
which size you personally wear the most
you can get more backs in this size so
that you don't wear your favorite out
really quick another accessory you can't
have too many of is a scarf
those are real lifesavers when it comes
to otherwise monotonous fall and winter
looks so stock up on scarves in
different colors shapes and materials to
always stay classy 9 get yourself a WoW
piece it's good to have a practical
capsule wardrobe in everything but it
won't exactly hurt getting a
conversation piece it can be a pair of
vintage leopard shoes a clock shaped
handbag or anything else that would be a
signature of your style and make you a
topic for conversations at parties or
other social events 8 make sure your
metals match true style is all about
details many people over see details
like the color of metal zippers on your
shoes bags and your jewelry so decide
which hardware item is the baseline and
pick all others to go well with it 7
learn to work with the color wheel Sir
Isaac Newton himself invented the color
wheel back in the 18th century there are
primary colors that become the base for
all other colors red yellow and blue
when primary colors are combined you get
secondary colors warm colors such as
orange yellow and brown make things look
smaller cool colors such as blue purple
and green have a soothing effect subdued
colors such as black gray and whites are
neutral if you choose the complementary
option you should pick exact opposites
on the color wheel red and green blue
and orange violet and yellow are all
rather bold combinations it's great if
you like to play with colors but don't
go too far with matching and limit them
to three colors per outfit
six your underwear really matters you
can ruin even the most luxurious outfit
with VPL that stands for visible panty
lines up for shapewear that makes you
look slimmer or try lace songs that
aren't officially shapewear but look
smooth underneath any clothing item
always make sure to check for any bee
peels and natural lights before going
out the right bra isn't any less
important before you go shopping for one
measure your bra size try it on with a
thin t-shirt to see what it's going to
look like underneath this type of
clothing if you can't fasten the bra on
the second or third hook it's too small
for you if you feel gapping in the cups
it's too big straps shouldn't slide down
and there should be no rolls of skin
beyond the edge 5 be careful with prints
and structures mix bright floral
patterns with plain bottoms or
complement printed dresses with plain
accessories and shoes
remember a print is already a statement
and if you want true style you can't be
too loud or unclear with what you're
trying to say the same is true for
structures opt for a fitted top and a
loose bottom or a fitted bottom and a
loose top don't have both your tops and
bottoms fitted or loose for experiment
with tucking tucking might sound like
something little and insignificant but
it can actually transform your look
completely and there's a whole science
behind it popular bloggers and style
icons all play with it for a reason it
adds a certain mood to your style from
playful Street look to official office
style for a while everyone just went
after half tuck there's currently so
many varieties to choose from mullet
tuck double tuck smug tuck hoodie tuck
navel tuck mushroom tuck and whatnot
three vertical stripes are your new best
friend if you feel like wearing some
stripes
remember horizontal ones are unlikely to
flatter anyone opt for vertical instead
they make petite women look taller and
plus-sized ladies slimmer too don't show
too much skin a little bit of mystery is
always sign of good style so don't try
to show off your attractive body by
stripping a good portion of it one naked
body part at a time will do so don't
wear a miniskirt and a top that reveals
your cleavage one make the most out of
your jeans jeans look great on just
about everyone and can be proudly worn
on any occasion however it's important
to choose the right pair just for you
make sure you go with one size smaller
than you need they have the superpower
of stretching after just two washes if
your jeans are great in the waist but
too long for you take them to the
tailors but wash them twice before you
do so
hems of your favorite denim pair must
reach the tops of your shoes do you have
any simple style tips that work 100% of
the time share them in the comment
section below
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the right side of
life
[Music]